===== PAGE 75 =====

observations outside of that volume. We believe that this is in big part thanks to the
symmetry of the research problem proposed in this paper.
Instead of overfitting to the smaller arena’s training data used during training,
the trained policies interpolate agentic behavior learned in the smaller arena into the
larger space, even though it’s never seen the observations corresponding to the larger
space during training.
By training in the smaller arena volume we manage to concentrate and condense
all the agent’s learning transitions into a relatively cheaper training that can then
work in those larger arenas provided the symmetry.
This is not perfect of course, as we did clearly see performance degrade between
the 20m and the 100m arena. Regardless, it’s an exciting result nonetheless.
The velocity saturation controller properly bounds the agent’s behavior
within a "safe" threshold without preventing learning
The CFB-QP velocity saturation controller properly safeguards and bounds
the agents’ actions to a defined limit. In fact, the learned policy clearly learns how to
work within the bounds of the controller and somewhat coexist with it.
The development of this finding came from initial testing of learned policies
without the controller on larger arenas. We’d notice that agent policies would act
greedily pick up a lot of speed, and lose control. This meant that the defender
would end up letting the attacker through a lot. After doing a lot of analysis on this
phenomenon, we concluded that the reward function, as presented in section??, does
not really provide an incentive for the agent to safeguard its own actuation for the
sake of keeping controllability within a certain threshold.
Alternatively, one could have put in these incentives into the reward functions,
but we thought that it would have made for a more difficult learning objective as it
would convolute with the terms currently present the reward function. This, in turn,
would have made us lose interpretability of the reward function, meaning the ability
75

